How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

- When writing the CRUD module for this class I focussed on abstracting as much of the functionality as I could. The advantage to doing this is that it would be easy to repurpose this module I wrote for another application.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

- My approach to problems is to start with what the user's needs are. I take those needs and use them to design functions and classes that my work will be built with. By understanding what the user expects to see when they use my applications I can design system components knowing what it is they need to output before even starting my work.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

- Computer scientists create solutions that save users time and effort. Using this project as an example, all of the results that are generated by my dashboard are results that Grazioso Salvare could have created manually. However, because of the tools I created the same tasks can be accomplished in seconds instead of hours. Computer scientists help make businesses exponentially more efficient.
